okay so i wanted to make a tier list of
all the gaming mice that i used this
year
so all of these are mice that i either
purchased this year or
was sent to me this year and if you've
never used or seen a tier list before
it's basically a way to sort out or
categorize
things right so you just have a pile of
stuff and you just put them into the
different categories from the best
to the worst category but the thing to
keep in mind is that just because
i place a mouse into the worst tier
which would be
a tier d it doesn't mean that it's a
terrible mouse for everyone it just
means that
i personally didn't like it so i try to
explain why i place each mouse into
their respective categories
but it's a very opinion-based video this
is not like some master
technical review of these mice it's just
a very light-hearted
fun thing and i really think that you
guys will have different
tier lists than me this is just the way
that these things work
right okay let's begin so the first
mouse
is the razer deathadder v2 pro
and i would place this right in the
middle a b this is a mouse that
isn't it i don't have strong feelings
about this either way it's not a great
mouse to me it's not a terrible match to
me
it's a very generic high quality
wireless mouse
this is if i'm not mistaken at least
razer markets it to be
the world's most popular gaming mouse
because it's you know they've sold
millions of these things because it's
such an
old shape but i don't like it because
well it's shaped i don't like
uh like right hand only or left hand
only mice like i like my
ambidextrous shape mice and this is a
really
large mouse it's just like it flares out
a lot at the tips and it's just a very
high mouse i don't love this thing but
it's a it's a solid b so
in the b category it goes the next mouse
is the logitech g pro x
super light so this is a mouse that
super popular
i think most people making tier lists on
these types of mice would probably place
it as an
s or an eight tier most likely an s here
personally me i'm going to place that as
an a tier because
this is a micro usb based
mouse this thing should have been
charged with usbc and they could have
done it right
so many other logitech devices use usb-c
and this is their high-end like premium
gaming mouse
it should have been used pc it isn't and
i think they did it with intent that's
why it deserves being a if they couldn't
you know they were like struggling to
make this thing fit a particular budget
and they had to right then it would
still be nested here
but no they could have done it but they
i feel like they intentionally put it
as micro usb to make people buy the
future
usbc version of this mouse that's just
my take on it but it's a really good
mouse
and i wish i could place it as an s tier
especially because it's white matte
white
it's a sick mouse but it's an a tier
i'm sorry at least yeah it deserves
being eights here maybe we'll bump it up
to the s but
it's an a uh next is the air rox three
this
is a this should have been a better
mouse i feel like
this was a excellent idea
of a mouse like they they got a lot of
stuff right and
keep in mind that this was a mouse that
they kind of you know they kind of
hopping onto the train of the perforated
mice with ultra light weights
this should have been an a tier or
possibly even an
s to your mouse like i just feel like
they screwed up on one really big thing
with this mouse
it was the feet so these feet are
terrible like the skates on the mouse
if you are into gaming mice you'll
understand the the
kind of importance of good skates and
they just
have terrible skates to the point where
i've been using this for about
a month at this point and they're flat
like they're worn down to the same level
as the plastic so now when i'm
using my mouse pad or any kind of
mousing surface
it's starting to make noises which is
crazy this is
a one month old mouse so i don't even
think it deserves being the beats here
like let's be real here this
let's place it in c for now i mean
otherwise the hardware is fantastic it's
just they really screwed up the
the skates on this thing you know what
it's a b tier
because i feel like you could fix it if
you wanted to you get third-party skates
or like replacement stuff and you could
fix it but
that's a b tier for me okay next we have
uh the razer basilisk so this
is okay so this is a wired version of
this mouse
let me show real quick on camera they
had a new one this year
this one is actually a much older
version but they have a wireless
basilisk pro or something they have now
i have a very strong opinion about this
mouse i've never purchased them
i don't like this mouse and it because
it's because well they copied so there
was a mouse
called the logitech g502 it was a very
popular mouse at the time and it's
something that i enjoyed using
and because it was doing so well because
so many people enjoyed
using that mouse they straight up copied
the shape
of the g502 and they called it the
basilisk
and i that kills me like i feel like
this was not their mouse shape to
to do that to it you know this is a very
personal opinion right
obviously tons of people like the
basilisk and if i'm being completely
neutral and not being you know brand
loyal or anything like that
i would actually say that razer did a
better job with this shape
than logitech did right they have a
better mouse overall but they straight
up stole the design of the mouse
they straight up stole the shape and in
it in the attempt of
trying to take the the user base right
we have a mouse
shaped just like the g502 come buy our
mouse instead
some people don't care about that stuff
i do i hate copycats
i hate them so for me basilisk
ranksy ranksy it's a good mouse it's
technically a very good mouse but
it's it's spawned from from thievery
so rank c okay next up we have the
glorious
model d this is their new mouse for this
year the new wired mouse for this year
i'd place it as a probably a b
tier i don't like the shape like i feel
like for people that do
like that type of mouse shape they
probably love this mouse it's well
priced
really good performance but because i
don't love the shape i'm placing it as a
b
uh again it's one of those mice that i
don't have a lot of
opinion like a strong opinion on right
i've used it a bunch but
it's just like a generic kind of
perforated mouse i do want to say
something about the perforation though i
feel like this
whole like the the holes on mice this is
just like it's a trend right
clearly it's something that's hot right
now over the past couple of years
and well they hopped onto that wagon
but i don't really like perforated mice
so it's a b tier for me
next up we have their wireless model
this is the
glorious model o wireless i'd place this
as an a tier
number one it's well it's uh
what do they call it ambidextrous so i
love that whole
i like this mouse shape but this
deserves
special mention because of its pricing
so this
you know what i think this deserves
being an s tier this will be the first s
tier for now
even though i don't love the perforation
i think that
because of the pricing and because of
how good the performance is and
they this is a company that listens to
their fan base they listen to gamers and
they kind of
pick out what is important what is
unimportant and they make
their products based on seemingly user
feedback
but yeah this is a solid s tier it's got
all the lights and stuff but notice how
i don't mention anything about rgb's
because
i don't care about that stuff it doesn't
affect me but this is an s to your mouse
the first one yeah all right next up
another s to your mask this is
well i have the wrong one here but it's
the same idea this is the
white viper ultimate the one in the
photo is the black one
this is my favorite mouse this year um
especially the white one but this was
done so well
and unlike their copycat child the
basilisk mouse
this was their original ip this was
their own idea
awesome mouse and it fits perfectly
awesome performance
great color good skates it's a
it's a banger so for me this is clearly
a s-tier mouse i just wish that i'd
gotten
the proper photo and gotten the the
white one in there they also make the
yellow one if you've seen it in my
cyberpunk video they have
a fully yellow tricked out cyberpunk
version
of this mouse as well but s tier
okay next up
this straight up d tier
so this okay so this mouse
was sent to me uh sometime in the summer
i think
and they're they're like you're gonna be
the first person with this mouse please
do a review for it it's awesome we're
gonna change the face of gaming and it
was a
mouse that had a fan built into it and
the idea of it sounds cool right a
a mouse that has a fan to blow cool air
onto your palm while you're gaming gets
rid of the sweat
it's a great idea except it was so
poorly implemented so
this is a very loud fan it's annoying
when you play in games
it's got vibration when you're playing
games and if you just crank up the fan
and you don't even move the mouse it'll
move like the mouse just sitting there
the reticle moves because of the
vibration of the fan this is a terrible
idea
i feel like this is not the first
company that's tried it several people
have tried or several companies have
tried to make
mice with some kind of fan
implemented into it you guys have to
stop trying because it's not going to
work
that's a strong hard d for me
all right
okay next we have um the logitech
i put this as an a tier mouse so this is
a wired mouse they call it the
light something light sync g203
light sync it lights up and it's a white
colored mouse
this is an excellent excellent mess it's
on sale for like 20 bucks right now like
during the holiday season this is a very
inexpensive mess
excellent sensor great performance if
i'm not mistaken a lot of professional
gamers used to use this mouse before
they like got sponsored by the different
brands and stuff i think shroud used to
use this thing as well
so excellent mouse highly recommend it
came out in 2020. okay
uh two left this one oh
this this one has a little bit of a
story so this is the
master mouse 711 from cooler master
i'd place this in
it's a b tier it should be an a tier if
they tweaked a couple things but i would
consider this a b-tier mess
so this mouse is uh well there's two
things i want to
draw attention to number one it's the
one and only mouse i have here that's a
glossy white plastic
like this should not be a thing mice
should always be
a matte material because it just has the
least kind of grease
effects right when you have shiny
plastic and
your hand gets a little bit greasy and
you it becomes very slippery mouse
their black version is matte black but
for whatever reason they're white
material
is shiny plastic oh well um now the
story behind it though
is that this is a mouse made by cooler
master and a couple years ago
i did a video on one of the keyboards i
forget the name of the keyboard but i
didn't like the keyboard
and i gave it a bad review i was had
like you know early access to this thing
and i
said it was not a great keyboard because
i'm honest in my videos and they were
like
they didn't like that obviously so when
i asked them for the mouse they're like
no you can't get a mouse so i had to buy
this one
but it's a good mouse rank b
okay last mouse
this one yeah it's an a
it's not an s it's an a so this is the
pwnage ultra custom and it's a really
good mouse
i don't place it as an s tier because i
don't love the shape of it it's pretty
big mouse and it's a right-handed mouse
but if you're into those types of mice
you're gonna like this one i feel like
this mouse would be more popular
if they spent more money on marketing
dollars right they clearly don't
sponsor you know like the twitch
streamers and
esports players but if they did i think
this would be a really popular mouse
it has a crazy amount of customizability
you can pop off the back plate
and switch it out to like the honeycomb
material if you want to reduce the
weight and
have different colors and stuff it's a
solid mouse
it deserves to be an s tier if i like
this mouse shape because it also
has usbc charging and everything right
they nail a lot of stuff on this thing
but
because of the shape it's an a tier and
also i wish the software was less ugly
it looks really cheap and
sucky to me but the rest of the mouse is
solid
but that's basically my tier list i
don't think i would want to shift
anything
on the last minute here maybe the air
rox 3 like i'm
disappointed in this thing yeah i'm
going to put this as a c
because everything else in the b tier is
like is noticeably better
it doesn't have good skates and if
you're someone who spent that kind of
money buying that mouse
and it wore out after a month you'd be
super disappointed so
yeah i'm comfortable with putting with
the c yeah
beside the basilisk the thieving
mouse okay that's my tier list i'm
curious
obviously you guys are gonna have
different opinions on all this stuff
your favorite mouse how far away is this
from your
from your list what's your favorite mask
let me know i wanna see in the comments
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it i'll see you guys next time